Do not allow engagement outside of training distribution (#20112)
commaai/openpilot: RELEASES.md

 * Use model points directly in MPC (no more polyfits), this makes lateral planning more accurate
 * Use model heading prediction for smoother lateral control
 * Smarter actuator delay compensation

>  * Prevent engagement at very high speeds that are outside of the model's training distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Adjust maximum engagement speed to better fit the model's training distribution
```
